RHDEVDOCS-5510: Configuring build runs (#63611)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ob-configurable-fields-in-build-run.adoc

// This module is included in the following assembly:
//
// builds/configuring-build-runs.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="ob-configurable-fields-in-build-run_{context}"]
= Configurable fields in build run

You can use the following fields in your `BuildRun` custom resource (CR):

.Fields in the `BuildRun` CR
[options="header"]
|===

| Field | Presence | Description

> | `apiVersion` | Mandatory | Specifies the API version of the resource, for example, `shipwright.io/v1alpha1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `apiVersion` | Mandatory | Specifies the API version of the resource, for example, `shipwright.io/v1beta1`.
```

> | `apiVersion` | Mandatory | Specifies the API version of the resource, for example, `shipwright.io/v1beta1`.

Reviewer 2: Swap all instances of "Mandatory" for "Required"

| `kind` | Mandatory | Specifies the type of the resource, for example, `BuildRun`.

| `metadata` | Mandatory | Denotes the metadata that identifies the custom resource definition instance, for example, the name of the `BuildRun` resource.

> | `spec.buildRef` | Optional | Specifies an existing `Build` resource instance to use. You cannot use this field with the `buildSpec` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `spec.build.name` | Optional | Specifies an existing `Build` resource instance to use. You cannot use this field with the `spec.build.spec` field.
```

| `spec.build.spec` | Optional | Specifies an embedded `Build` resource instance to use. You cannot use this field with the `spec.build.name` field.

| `spec.serviceAccount` | Optional | Denotes the service account to use when building the image. 

> | `spec.timeout` | Optional | Defines a custom timeout. The field value overwrites the value of the `spec.timeout` field defined in your `Build` resource. 

Author: yes

| `spec.paramValues` | Optional | Denotes a name-value list to specify values for parameters defined in the build strategy. The parameter value overwrites the value of the parameter that is defined with the same name in your `Build` resource.

> | `spec.output.image` | Optional | Denotes a custom location where the generated image will be pushed. The field value overwrites the value of the `output.image` field defined in your `Build` resource. 

Author: The parameter does not create a custom location. I changed `Denotes -> Indicates`.

> | `spec.output.credentials.name` | Optional | Denotes an existing secret to get access to the container registry. This secret will be added to the service account along with other secrets requested by the `Build` resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `spec.output.pushSecret` | Optional | Denotes an existing secret to get access to the container registry. This secret will be added to the service account along with other secrets requested by the `Build` resource.
```

| `spec.env` | Optional | Defines additional environment variables that you can pass to the build container. The field value overrides any environment variables that are specified in the `Build` resource. The available variables depend on the tool that is used by your build strategy.

|===

[NOTE] 
====

> You cannot use the `buildRef` and `buildSpec` fields together as they are mutually exclusive. You can implement overriding of the `timeout`, `paramValues`, `output`, and `env` values with the `buildRef` field, but not with the `buildSpec` field.

Author: @apoorvajagtap, did you get any confirmation??

> You cannot use the `buildRef` and `buildSpec` fields together as they are mutually exclusive. You can implement overriding of the `timeout`, `paramValues`, `output`, and `env` values with the `buildRef` field, but not with the `buildSpec` field.

Reviewer: Yes. It should be as following.
```suggestion
You cannot use the `spec.build.name` and `spec.build.spec` fields together as they are mutually exclusive. 
```
